change `placement` in vertical `ButtonGroup` (#1709)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/sixty-chefs-chew.md

---
'@itwin/itwinui-react': minor
---

> `IconButton`s inside a vertical `ButtonGroup` will show tooltips on the right side by default, to avoid obscuring adjacent buttons in the group. This can be customized using `labelProps.placement`.

Reviewer: Should this also mention that `labelProps` is a new prop added to `IconButton`?

Author: something like this?
```suggestion
`IconButton`s inside a vertical `ButtonGroup` will now show tooltips on the right side by default, to avoid obscuring adjacent buttons in the group. The behavior of these tooltips can also be customized using the new `labelProps` prop, which can contain `labelProps.placement`, etc.
```

Reviewer: Yes, sounds good! 👍
